ŪRM65ŊMISC

This is the test document for miscellaneous functions in XYWRITE.

These functions include:

Alignment
Justification
Hyphenation
Hard Space
Print Codes
Merge Codes
TOC & Index Text Markers
Block Protect

ALIGNMENT

ŪFRŊThis text is flush-right.
This text is also flush-right.
This is the third flush-right line.
ŪFCŊ
This text is centered.
This text is also centered.
This is the third centered line.
ŪFLŊ
This text is flush-left.
This text is also flush-left.
This is the third flush-left line.

JUSTIFICATION and AUTO HYPHENATION

Justification has been turned on.

Automatic hyphenation has been turned on by loading the XYWRITE hyphen dictionary.
ŪJUŊ
Type I supernovas are rarer and more brilliant than Type II supernovas.  The optical spectrum during their outburst shows little or no evidence of a hydrogen envelope.  Type I supernovas occur in elliptical as well as spiral galaxies and show no preference for the arms of spiral galaxies. Apparently they are produced by an older population of stars that formed several billion years ago.  The more massive a star is, the brighter it shines and the more rapidly it uses up its nuclear fuel.  Since very few if any new stars have formed in elliptical galaxies over the past several hundred million years, and since stars more than about five times as massive as the sun have long since blown apart, it follows that Type I supernovas are produced by stars not more than a few times more massive than the sun.

ŪNJŊŪHY0Ŋ
Justification has now been turned off.
Automatic hyphenation has now been turned off.

HARD and SOFT HYPHENS

Here is an example of a non-breaking hard hyphen: twoĸ2Dthirds

Here is an example of a breaking hard hyphen: topsy-turvy

Here is an example of a soft hyphen (visible only when the word is broken or in Xywrite's "expanded display"): antid~~~~isci~plinarianism.


HARD SPACE

Aĸ20hardĸ20spaceĸ20hasĸ20beenĸ20insertedĸ20betweenĸ20eachĸ20wordĸ20onĸ20thisĸ20line.

PRINTING CODES

A print pause appears at the end of the this paragraph.  The message "Press the + key to continue" is to appear on the Xywrite prompt line when the pause is encountered:ŪPAPress the + key to continueŊ

A printing message appears at the end of this paragraph.  While the document is being printed, the message "Please wait - still printing" is to appear on the Xywrite prompt line without pausing the printer.ŪPRPlease wait - still printingŊ

An Auto Pause command appears at the end of this paragraph.  It causes printing to pause after each page after the point where the code appears:ŪAPŊ

A No Pause command appears at the end of this paragraph.  It cancels the Auto Pause command:ŪNPŊ

MERGE CODES

ŪPFfirstnameŊ ŪPFlastnameŊ
ŪPFaddressŊ
ŪPFcityŊ, ŪPFstateŊ  ŪPFzipŊ

Dear ŪPFfirstnameŊ,

You may already be a winner!  Call our TOLL-FREE number NOW to find out about our fabulous prizes for you and your family.  And if you buy a subscription to our new magazine (we'll break your kneecaps if you don't), ŪMDULŊThe National RagŪMDNMŊ, you get terrific savings too!!  Here are just a few of our fabulous prizes:

Hawaiian Vacation
1990 Corvette
Microwave Oven
ŪPFjunkŊ

So call today!

Yours truly,
Harvey Schmuck
Harrassment, Inc.

TOC and INDEX TEXT MARKERS

A special kind of marker is used to specify words or phrases to be inserted in indexes or tables of contents.  Individual words in the following text have been assigned these marks.

SupernovasŪX3Ŋ

An intriguing idea that has gained increasing support is that Type I supernovas are produced by exploding white dwarf stars.  We know that if a white dwarf accretes a small amount of matter, a relatively small thermonuclear explosion will occur, blowing off the outer layers of the star and producing a nova outburst.

White DwarvesŪX3Ŋ

What if a white dwarf could accrete a large amount of matter - enough to push it over the critical mass limit for stability?  Then, as a number of authors have shown, the entire white dwarf would explode, producing an event that would have the characteristics of a Type I supernova.

ObservationsŪX3Ŋ

One line of attack on this controversy is to use x-ray observations to infer the mass ejected in a Type I supernova explosion.  If the explosion is produced by a white dwarf rather than a massive star, the ejected mass should not be greater than the critical mass for the stability of the white dwarf, or about one and a half times the mass of the sun.

BLOCK PROTECT

The following text is block protected:
ŪNBŊ
The commands NB (Non-Breakable Block) and BB (Breakable Block) allow you to keep a block of text on one page.  You might define a paragraph, table, column of figures, or any other text as a non-breakable block.
ŪBBŊ
Block protect has now been turned off.



THIS IS THE END OF THE TEST DOCUMENT.
